Week 1

Formed group, i helped set up the github as scrum master and we decided on which project to do (a education helper chat bot).
We also decided on how to communicate (messenger group) and what to use to manage our project (github projects)
We set a goal to do research on the bot and what tech stack we may wish to use. In addition we were all tasked with getting a better idea of the problem we wanted this bot to solve and some of the main epics/checkpoints we wanted the bot to have. 

Week 2

This week i was supposed to get a better idea on the teach stack and begin to organise the tasks we had. I set up a trello board and added tasks for the group to complete by next week, most of these revolved around the proposal, identifying epics and nailing down a tech stack. 

I was able to research some areas such as dialog flow and node.js and discuss the viability of this with the team. In addition i formed a documents of the main features and direction i wished to take the bot, outlining things such as the frontend being capaple to display images and animations and also to allow for interactivity in the form of flash cards and activities. During the friday meeting i pitched these to the rest of the team and found we came up with many of the same ideas. We combined our differnt approaches into a hollistic set of epics we thought the bot should complete. 

The main obsticle this week was our lack of a definite tech stack, we were still unsure and researching and hadn't made enough hard decisions to allow us to start coding. To rectify this we gave ourselfs a deadline to get a tech stack decided upon and also delgated everyone to go out and research. 

Thus far we are more or less on track, although perhaps might be a bit late in deciding on our tech stack. since we are fleshing out our epics and milestones over the next week we will keep this in mind when assigning check points. 

For next week we are aiming to have our proposal done, our tech stack and architecture nailed down, and to be ready to begin coding. 

Week 3

Planned this week was fleshing out all epics, getting our proposal done and deciding on a tech stack. 
We were able to finish all of the above tasks but due to the delay in getting all epics decided we were unable to assign any code tickets. This was primarily due to a lack of communication between members of the team for us to discuss our progress, we decided that 1 weekly meeting was insufficent so so prevent this from happening again we will be having 2 meetings, at the start and end of the week, every week. 

We've assigned code tickets now and will check up start of next week on progress, we will be moving at a faster pace for the next week to make up for missed time. 

By next week i've been assigned the task of coordinating the biweekly meetings (as scrum master) and also setting up the code base frontend. In addition i am to hook the frontend into the backend such that we may begin to have the bot respond to users with hard coded responses. 

Week 4


Week 5


Week 6


Week 7


Week 8


Week 9


Week 10


