Week 1

We formed a group and decided on our project. We are working on option 1 and decided 
to make a student-tutor chat bot. A few people in our group have tutored before in 
CSE at UNSW and we were all interested in what we could do with this.
We set up the github repo and I helped to make our project board and add some cards.

This week we set a goal to do research for our propsal, come up with ideas for what
we want the chat bot to be able to do and get a better idea of the key problems it 
should solve. I started looking at examples of different bots used in education already
such as in DuoLingo and other online/app education, and came up with some ideas of what
our chat bot might be able to help with / do. I also thought of a lot of questions to 
help the planning process. We will bring our ideas and information together in the week 2 lab.


Week 2

We brought our ideas and research together at the lab on friday and discussed epics. 
During our meeting I updated the project board with tasks to be completed this week
to get our proposal done. I will complete the background and aims section of the proposal
and flesh out one of the epics. I will also aim to create user stories this week.
On top of epics we discussed milestones to work towards. We need these to keep track of 
our progress.

Over the week I completed some sections of the proposal: the background and aim of the project,
and Epic 5. I proofread the proposal and fixed some grammar and spelling mistakes as well as helping
to reword some things. I started looking at socket.io and node.js for our chat.


Week 3

We finished the proposal and set goals for the upcoming week in lab on friday. I researched 
approaches to the AI component of our bot as our tutor suggested we think about what our
algorithm would involve, and discussed this with the group. Over the week I will be doing the data scraping
and representing in a useable format: but I need to know what format our AI will need to work with it.

I did some research on prebuilt solutions for analyzing the data we have. I found google cloud NLP which 
seems to do a decent job of extracting keywords from paragraphs and this could help us label topics.
I wrote a small node program to scrape data from webcms3, it was challenging because the html tags
generally aren't labelled with any informative classes or ids, but I was able to get table rows and paragraphs
into a json format. I think using this with the google NLP api will help us to classify/categorise data and 
construct a useful dataset from this. I will look at maybe storing in a database.

Week 4
Data processing module is almost fully functional. Simplified scraping approach to reduce load this week,
focus on tagging data and NLP part. Scraper takes list of files and stores html, Processing reads from html
files (decoupled from scraper to reduce server work), tags data with headers, groups lists and tables.
NLP able to extract tags, async bug preventing from saving updated objects once tags added. To fix this by 
Tuesday week 5 meeting. Happy with progress the week and the base server/front end work from rest of team is
looking quite good.
Plans for wk 5: get data stored in MongoDB, work with Yi to improve extraction/data structures where possible.
Upcoming: Could build the course setup module down the track, low priority compared to getting base project working.


Week 5


Week 6


Week 7


Week 8


Week 9


Week 10


