Week 1
This week we formed a group and decided our project topic, which is student tutor chatbot. And then we set up a Github group following the indications of tutor, built a project with labels and proposal cards.
I did some research about chatbot algorithm, as well as got some knowledge of how to implement a chatbot. 
I came up with some ideas of functions of our chatbot and create a raw-graph of it, preparing to discuss in the lab 2 with my group members.


Week 2
This week we mainly told about our proposal. During the lab, we discuss and finally decide the proposal content, and split our jobs. 
I was in charge of 2 epics part- Bot can answer administrative questions with course and Bot can meaningfully quiz and interact with the student. 
I did some research to evaluate feasibility and finish the 2 parts. Then upload it to Github.


Week 3
This week our project has advanced to implementation. 
We found there are 2 way to implement Chatbot, Information Retrieval and Generative, we discussed about it and decide to balance them and choose one after researches. 
I read some paper and technology blog, then summarized both advantages and disadvantages of those 2 methods, as well as listed the main difference about it. 
After mid-week meeting, we choose to implement Information retrieval based chatbot. 
Then, I started coding of the algorithm, while try to come up with solutions to deal with the corpus problem- it is hard to get conversation data about the course.


Week 4


Week 5


Week 6


Week 7


Week 8


Week 9


Week 10


